Add tutorials to our documentation site (#318)
globeandmail/sophi-for-wordpress: hookdocs/change-supported-post-types.md

By default, the Sophi for WordPress plugin only adds support for the standard `post` and `page` post types. This value is passed through a custom filter ([`sophi_supported_post_types`]{@link sophi_supported_post_types}), which allows you to customize those values. See below for a few examples of how to utilize this filter.

A few things to note:

> 1. Where you add this code will depend on your individual setup. Often it makes sense to drop these in your main `functions.php` file

Reviewer: @dkotter if the user is using a theme from the WordPress theme repository, on update the changes will be lost.
Do you think we can suggest to make a plugin instead?

Author: I didn't want to put this in at all but it was a question the Sophi team had on where code changes need to be made. My assumption is anyone using this plugin and needing to customize it will be using a custom theme but that may not be the case. I can modify this a bit to mention putting changes in a custom plugin if not using a custom theme

> 1. Where you add this code will depend on your individual setup. Often it makes sense to drop these in your main `functions.php` file

Author: ```suggestion
1. Where you add this code will depend on your individual setup. If you are using a custom theme, you can add these to your main `functions.php` file. If you're using a public theme, you might want to create a custom plugin to hold these code changes, so you don't lose those changes when you update your theme 
```

> 1. Where you add this code will depend on your individual setup. If you are using a custom theme, you can add these to your main `functions.php` file. If you're using a public theme, you might want to create a custom plugin to hold these code changes, so you don't lose those changes when you update your theme 

Author: ```suggestion
1. Where you add this code will depend on your individual setup. If you are using a custom theme, you can add these to your main `functions.php` file. If you're using a public theme, you might want to create a custom plugin to hold these code changes, so you don't lose those changes when you update your theme
```
